Alrighty, so we're almost done.
So in this video, we'll cover the last two steps.
We'll cover step six of adding the orders button
to the login status component
and step seven of defining a protected route
for the order-history component.
Let's go ahead and move over
to our login-status.component.html file.
And we're simply going to add a new button here for orders.
So we'll just copy one of the lines
that we had from before and paste it here.
So isAuthenticated is fine,
but routerLink will be to order-history
and then the actual value for the button
or label for the button, will be orders.
All right, so that's the updates
that you should have right now for this entry.
Now, moving ahead to step seven,
we'll define a protected route
for the order-history component.
So we'll move over to our app.module.ts file.
And let's move down to the section
where we define the routes.
And let's go ahead and copy this members route,
'cause it has a lot of the stuff that we already need
and then we'll paste it here.
So the actual path is order-history
and this is going to reference our order history component.
And then we have the canActivate for Okta Guard,
so that gives us security there
to make sure no one can backdoor our route
or access it directly
without being logged in or authenticated.
All right, so let's go ahead and run this and test it out.
So just make sure your Spring Boot back in
is up and running.
If not, go ahead and start it now.
Then we'll swing over and start our angular app.
Alrighty, so I just move over to our browser
and access our application.
And so thing to notice here
is that since you're not logged in,
you don't see the orders button right now.
So you have to log in
before you can access that functionality.
Alrighty, I'm logged in now, but ooh, we have a problem.
This is ugly.
All right, so we added too much stuff here
and the CSS is not working out right
and we're kind of running out of space, so this is bad.
We can actually resolve this issue
by reducing the width of the search bar.
We basically need some more space over there
for all of these new buttons that we're adding.
So let's go ahead and do some CSS work
to kind of fix this up real quick.
Ew, that is ugly.
So let's move down to our styles.css file.
And I'll kind of move up to the top of his file.
And I want to search, or I want to find some text
and I'm going to search for this text au-input.
So just go ahead and do like a CONTROL + F or whatever
and search for au-input
and you should find it down here around this area.
And basically what I want to do, is just modify the width.
So this is a CSS style that's used for that search bar
and I simply want to change the width,
right now it has min-width of 935.
I'm going to shrink that down a bit,
so, you know, we have some more space on our UE.
So I'll just drop that down to 500.
And then I'll save that and swing back over
and all right, success.
So we were able to resolve that issue
by reducing the width of the search bar.
So this looks good, I like it.